iTech Media Task
===============================

### Implementation

This test has been developed using no framework. Autoload generated by composer enabled all the classes that have been created to be loaded and used by means of namespaces. 

The codebase adhered to using interfaces and abstract classes from within the Common directory. 

Within the RawIngredientModel.php, RawInstructionModel.php & RawRecipeModel.php files, the getter and setter magic methods have been put in place for not only creating the properties of that class, but to provide validation on what is being set when it comes to displaying the correct data. 

A generic API service had been built to display the raw payload response which was returned in the ContentRecipeService class specific to recipes, allowing the API Service to be used for other purposes.  

Unit tests have been carried out within the codebase using both reflection and mocking approaches.

### How to test

1. Using Postman or any other preferred API testing platform, locate the project by entering the POST method URL `http://localhost/iTechMediaTest/src/Script/` and send the request .
2. A JSON encoded array will then be presented of the list of up to 20 recipes, reflecting that of the open full request recipes data here `http://18.130.116.85/`.
3. You are able to add "from" and "to" query params to the request also which displays a specified range of recipes. For example `http://localhost/iTechMediaTest/src/Script/?from=0&to=2` returns a range of 2 recipes.  
4. Unit tests have been implemented using PHP Unit, to execute please cd to the root directory and run the following command `./vendor/bin/phpunit tests`.

*If no classes seem to load please try and run `composer dump-autoload`.  